CIAC-12314: Add Array Support to Rasterize (#39627)
demisto/content: Packs/rasterize/Integrations/rasterize/README.md

}
```

> #### Passing Multiple URLs
> If you want to pass several URLs as an argument, you can do so by providing them as a Python list. Make sure the list is formatted as a string, like this:
>  ```"[\"https://www.a.com\", \"https://www.b.com\"]"```
>  This allows the program to correctly parse and handle multiple URLs. Be sure to wrap the list in quotes (") so it is interpreted as a single argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Passing Multiple URLs
If you want to pass several URLs as an argument when one or more of them contains comma, provide them as a JSON list. Make sure the list is formatted as a string, like this:
 ```"[\"https://www.a.com\", \"https://www.b.com\"]"```
 This allows the integration to parse and handle multiple URLs correctly. Be sure to wrap the list in quotes (") so it is interpreted as a single argument.
```

}
```

> #### Passing Multiple URLs

Reviewer 2: This part should be under the !rasterize command since you have only made changes there

}
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
